---
short_name: jane
name: Jane Siarny
position: InterPlay Life Practice Program Coordinator
---

Jane Siarny is dedicated to uplifting the human spirit through creativity,
community building, and body-wise practices.  Jane burst into the Chicago dance
scene in 1985 by joining the Chicago Repertory Dance Ensemble and the Faculty at
MoMing Dance & Arts Center where she also performed her original works.
She also toured two children’s programs to Chicago-area schools & community
centers and offered workshops & performances through the Sacred Dance Guild.

<!--more-->

![Jane Siarny](/assets/images/jane.jpg "Jane Siarny"){: style="float: right"}

In 1991 at the National Sacred Dance Guild Festival, Jane discovered InterPlay
and its co-creators, Phil Porter and Cynthia Winton-Henry. Jane was looking for
something that would integrate her love of voice, music, improvisational
movement and storytelling.  With InterPlay she was able to integrate all these
expressions and find a community based in affirmation, authenticity and the
celebration of the human spirit.  In 1992 she co-founded OUTABOUNDS Performance
Company that was housed at the Chicago Cultural Center where Jane directed the
Hedwig School of Dance and created the Dance Discovery Series.

Since co-founding InterPlay Chicago in 19941992 Jane has been instrumental in
leading the Life Practice Program to help people integrate the InterPlay
philosophy and practices.  She also serves as a Mentor in the InterPlay Leader
Training Program and as Coordinator of the Life Practice Program.  She was
thrilled when the InterPlay Art and Social Change Program came to Chicago in
2024 and is happy to see many participants pursue InterPlay Leadership
Certification.

In 1985 Jane participated in a Sacred Dance Guild workshop at Granville Avenue
United Methodist Church in Chicago.  Now 40 years later, having moved into the
neighborhood, she incorporates InterPlay into Granville’s Children’s Ministry.
Growing up in the 1950s and 1960s she had the freedom of big lawns, wild woods,
skating, dancing, singing at church, and cavorting along the trail with the Girl
Scout Troop.  With the rest of her days, she strives to cultivate creative
communities where all beings can have the freedom to express who they really are
and grow into who they want to become.
On the eve of her 70th birthday and 34 years with InterPlay, Jane is grateful
for the support of the InterPlay Chicago Community, Granville Avenue United
Methodist Church, and so many other organizations and persons: especially
InterPlay co-creators Phil Porter and Cynthia Winton-Henry, Jane's family and
friends around the world who continue to encourage her along this journey of
life.
